So here is a tricky use case
for an exam question, and that is quite unintuitive
but makes sense when I explain it.
So how do you upload a large file
to Amazon S3 that is KMS encrypted?
So when you upload a large file,
of course you must use a multi-part upload.
And then what permissions do we need
for that multi-part upload?
Well, number one, we want to generate a data key,
because while we want to make sure we can encrypt the file
and encrypt each specific part,
but then we also need the KMS decrypt permission
to be able to decrypt these parts
before they can be reassembled, and then re-encrypt it.
And that's the trick.
We're missing the decrypt option.
So, let's take an example.
With a user with the proper permissions,
there is a large file.
It does get split up into multiple parts.
Each part is going to be encrypted with its own data key.
Each key is going to be...
each file encrypted is going to be uploaded into Amazon S3.
Amazon S3 will use the decrypt operation
to decrypt each file into plain text
and then recombine them into an S3 object.
And this S3 object is going to be again encrypted
into the final object.
Funky, right?
But what you have to remember is
that you need two kind of permissions, including decrypt,
for doing a large file upload
to Amazon S3 with KMS encryption.
Okay, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.